Day 4.
Today was my fourth day. Its was great day of learning. I discovered many new things and each one was very interesting and exciting. It made me curious and excited to learn new things today. On the 3rd day, I didn’t worked properly on my reports. So I redo the reports on 3rd day. I didn’t know how to do it at first, but my friend showed me. They explained it clearly and I learned from them. Then I did it on my own. It felt great to learn something new with their help and complete it.
Today, they went over the topic taught yesterday, refreshing it again for better understanding. Recalling the Problem Solving skill with farmer problem as example. 
The key steps to problem solving are
i)	Do not avoid the problem
ii)	Understand the problem 
iii)	List of constraints
iv)	Write down the operations
v)	Solve the most constraint part
vi)	Find the solution out of it.
Farmer problem had four operations which was very helpful in solving the problem with better understanding of it. I learned that by writing all the operations happening in a problem helps us to have a clear vision on the path of finding the solution. By using the operations we can able to find the solution that also satisfy the constraint of the problem. This can also be told as Solution is the combination of operation by satisfying the constraints. Some problem can be solved by using strategies. For example 8puzzle problem can be done quickly if we find the strategy by finding the pattern of the problem.
The next topic was proposition, I heard it as preposition and I was thinking about the grammar preposition part. Once I looked into the board it was proposition. I have no idea what it was, they taught us with lots of examples. I learned that proposition are the statement that can be either true or false. They asked us to say an example, I thought of telling sun rises in the east. But that wasn’t a proposition that was facts. On the other hand Facts can be proposition. I have clear understanding of the difference between the facts, Yes/No and the proposition. For example “John is taller than Devin”, it can be either true or false. I have some understanding how these proposition will be helpful in learning but they told it will be explained briefly in another class. I am very keen to know how it will be related. Also the preposition can be combination of two or more statements.
I was very eager to learn the next topic about Terminals, because they fascinate me. I learned about Command line interface, it is an interface that allows user to interact with a computer or software by using commands. I can able to understand it with simple examples such as Mobile phone, Keyboard, switch, etc. These acts as medium for the communication between two ends. Then moving on to the topic text editor. Text editor is a software, used for creating, editing and modifying text files. In windows we use Notepad etc. I learnt about a new edit editor “vim”, I had never heard it before. Also came to know that it will be  installed in macOS by default. I have installed in my system and I am very curious to see how it works. 
Instead of teaching everything by using board, they asked us to explore and do it. This excites me to explore fresh ideas, understand new concepts, and expand my knowledge. They asked us to create a file in command prompt. Before I used to type in Notepad or word to type files. Today I learned how to create a text file in CMD and to edit in it. Then we were asked to create a sample file and pushed it into GitHub. Before I was used to just upload the files in the GitHub, I don’t know how to push it. Today I have installed the Git and learned how to push the files from CMD to GitHub. First I have created a Repository in GitHub as Internship. Then I created a sample file and edited it with some message.
Commands to initialise git and to push files:
i)	git init (Initialize the git repository)
ii)	git add. (Add the file created)
iii)	git commit -m “some message” (Commit the changes)
iv)	git remote add origin (url) (Connecting the GitHub repository)
v)	git push -u origin main (push files to GitHub)
while doing these steps I face a challenge. It shows that you need to set up your identity to run the commands. I don’t know hoe to solve it. I explored ways to solve it by researching it with the help of internet. I configured my Git to set up the identity. 
 Instead of teaching everything on the board, they made us actively do it by ourself. This hands-on practice helped me to understand new concepts better and learn how to solve problem independently. It was a more effective way of learning, as it encouraged problem-solving, and strong understanding of the subject.
